1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.
 - how do we compile the data?
 - how big is the data we are getting from source and can this be accurate 
 
2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.
we can find Google Trends search data at the official Google Trends website
https://trends.google.com/trends
3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food,
topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and
change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.
a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?
the highest was 100 recorded in Feb 28 
b) What is the lowest dip recorded?
the lowest was 65 recorded in November 30 2024

4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search term.
a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the
lowest dip?
 the highest is 100 recorded in April 30
 the lowest is 72 recorded in nov 30 2024
b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?
it changed to the highest being 36 and the lowest being 23 
5. Why did the line for Milkshake change?
the number (0-100) are relative within the set of milkshake when we add another hamburger the highest and the lowest for milk shakes are calculated relative to the new maximum across both terms.
6.Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).
a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup
and Hamburger?
when hamburger interest rises the breakups fall 
b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?
they have pretty close highest and lowest points 
7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the article?
I don't think this is reliable because not all comfort foods are eaten in breakup like hamburger.
8.At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”
Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”
a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?
West Virginia
b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?
South Dakota
9. Use the download icon to download a csv file with these search trend results. Save it
to your Data Analytics/week-01 folder as GTrends_milkshake_hamburger_2024.csv

