1. What conclusion can you reach about the responses to this question?

   Q1. half of the respondents seemed like are ready  
   Q2. The responses are evenly split
   Q3. the responses shows a balanced distribution
   Q4. most respondent prefer using pen and paper with other small respondents using computer  
   Q5. most of the respondents have question 

2. Is the default summary or visualization helpful? How could it be improved?
 
  responses were mixed and the visualization was helpful, it would be better if it could be more detailed and clear.

3. For questions with an “Other” option, where can you find the actual text of those
responses? Do you notice anything that might be tricky about analyzing these?
  it is in the pie chart its color coded when we hover over it shows the percent too

4. For questions calling for a written response, what challenges do you notice about
finding trends or patterns in the answers provided?
it is hard to analyze responses that are based on words numbers are more easy 

5. Now that you can see the responses, how might you recommend rephrasing this or
question or the response options in a future survey?
i would change using a number for Q1 putting the phrases and making them like if u feel ready doing so and so type 5 or 4 so the responses are numerical 

6. Is there anything that surprised you about the survey responses?
   i didn't find anything surprising 

7. Looking at the responses to questions 1 and 5, are there any ideas you might try to
include in your morning routine, or any questions that you are also curious about?
  how many days do u fell ready before a meeting out of 5 days a week 

8. Pretend you are the instructor. Is there anything you can learn from this survey to help
in how you approach teaching this class?
i see half of the class doesn't have second screen ill try my best to compromise on both sides 


9. Again, pretend you are the instructor. Do you think it was helpful or not helpful to
make this survey anonymous? Why or why not? (If you can see both pros and cons,
you may include both.)

pros is help to analyze the general class responses u can see how the class is in the whole and help u not to be bias
cons i don't see the cons   