1. Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this?

it is  a website where the U.S. government shares public datasets. It allows people to access data on topics like health, agriculture, climate, and more.

2. Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed?
most viewed data sets include 15-20 datasets 

3. Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources
available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health
category?
   human health category include topics like  Diseases, Hospitals, Nutrition and Public health statistics
they are tagged with human health because they relate the most with human health and well being 

4. Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you
navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?
we can click the organization name on the page and this  will takes us to kore datasets published 


5. Go back to the data.gov home page. This time, click on Datasets by Organization.
6. Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?

no organization found for my area 


7. Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food
composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition
information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your
results?
this shows the words we use can change the results nutrition is more broader than food composition

a) One of the tricky things about working with data is that sometimes the terminology
used by a data source is not obvious. You may need to dig around and be creative
to find what you’re looking for.
8. Go back to the results for food composition, and click on Food Data Central. Review
the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take
some time to explore the Food Data Central website.
       this has a very vast and detailed nutrition data 
a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you
get? What happens when you click on a result?
 
  it shows calories nutrients fat protein vitamins the result shows detailed nutrients information 


b) Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What
kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find
more information on the data types available?
i found different types of data containing detailed information on foundation foods they are large files in the format of CSV and JSON
